feat: Add prefer-custom-event rule (#48)
salesforce/eslint-plugin-lwc: docs/rules/prefer-custom-event.md

# Suggest usage of `CustomEvent` over `Event` constructor (prefer-custom-event)

> `CustomEvent` is a standard `Event` that can also carry any data. The main added benefit of creating an event using the `CustomEvent` constructor over `Event` is that the `detail` property carrying the data is readonly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CustomEvent` is a type of DOM `Event` that can also carry any data. The main benefit of creating an event using the `CustomEvent` constructor over `Event` is that the `detail` property carrying the data is readonly.
```
